Add note on how to share the badge for pylint (#5820)
PyCQA/pylint: README.rst

    cd astroid
    python3 -m pip install -e .

> Share your code style
> -------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show your usage
-----------------
```

Linting is not really code style, although `Show your usage` isn't perfect either.

> Place this badge at the top of your repository to let others know your project uses pylint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can place this badge in your README to let others know your project uses pylint.
```

>     .. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/linting-pylint-green

Reviewer 2: The badge I made is just a proposition, if you have something better in mind it's possible to change the url to get another badge automatically.

Author: [![Imports: isort](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20imports-isort-%231674b1?style=flat&labelColor=ef8336)](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/)

I really liked the isort github badge. So maybe something like a mix of pylint colours - Blue and yellow would be great like below one:

![linting: pylint](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20linting-pylint-%231674b1?style=flat&labelColor=ddff00)](https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint)

Do share your thoughts @Pierre-Sassoulas ?

Reviewer 2: >  maybe something like a mix of pylint logo colours

Great idea, but the blue and yellow of the pylint logo are the same than python, we might as well use something else as it's not distinguishing at all in the python ecosystem.

I like  https://img.shields.io/badge/linting-pylint-yellowgreen, it's less flashy than green or yellow and look reasonably good in light/dark theme.

Author: Let's go with yellowgreenthen 👍

        :target: https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint

> Use the badge in your project's README.md::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the badge in your project's README.md (or any other Markdown file)::
```

    ![linting: pylint](https://img.shields.io/badge/linting-pylint-green)](https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint)

> Use the badge in your projects README.rst::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the badge in your projects README.rst (or any other rst file)::
```

    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/linting-pylint-green
        :target: https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint

> 

Reviewer 3: No worries if my suggestion is a little _out-of-scope_ 🌨️ . I was just thinking of something like this, which works for folks who have a workflow beginning like:

```yaml
name: pylint
```
```suggestion

If you use GitHub Actions, and one of your CI workflows begins with "name: pylint", you
can use GitHub's
[workflow status badges](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/monitoring-and-troubleshooting-workflows/adding-a-workflow-status-badge#using-the-workflow-file-name)
to show an up-to-date indication of whether pushes to your default branch pass pylint.
```
